[Aavechan] llamarisk renew (#680)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20250413_AaveV3EthereumLido_RenewLlamaRiskAsRiskServiceProviderEpoch3/RenewLlamaRiskAsRiskServiceProviderEpoch3.md

---
title: "Renew LlamaRisk as Risk Service Provider - epoch 3"
author: "Aave-Chan Initiative"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-renew-llamarisk-as-risk-service-provider-epoch-3/21666"
snapshot: "https://snapshot.box/#/s:aavedao.eth/proposal/0x70ce585823c2c1a60cb6bbd64750682a2a9a4b501e3f4342812ebf6bb5d51892"
---

## Simple Summary

> This proposal offer the oportunity to renew LLamaRisk engagement as a service provider for a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal offers the opportunity to renew LLamaRisk engagement as a service provider for a year.
```
